docs: add op-geth migration guide (#93)
agglayer/runbooks: operations/migrate-op-geth-op-reth.md

# Migrate from op-geth to op-reth

This guide walks through the steps to migrate a chain's execution client from **op-geth** to **op-reth**.

## Part 1: Synchronize op-reth

![Part 1: Synchronize op-reth](images/migrate-op-geth-op-reth-01.svg)

### 1. Update the op-stack components

Make sure you are running the latest supported versions before proceeding with the migration. Refer to the [component versions](https://github.com/agglayer/runbooks/tree/main/cdk/op-stack#component-versions) table for the currently recommended versions.

### 2. Enable P2P on op-geth and op-node

If P2P is not already enabled, update the startup flags for both services.

**op-geth:**

```shell

> geth [global options] command [command options] \

Reviewer: We're not explicitly listing a p2p option here, is that expected?

Author: This is expected. `--port=<port>` is enough to enable p2p.

  --port=<port>
```

**op-node:**

```shell
op-node [global options] command [command options] \
  --p2p.disable=false \
  --p2p.listen.tcp=<port> \
  --p2p.priv.path=<path-to-data-dir>/opnode_p2p_priv.txt
```

### 3. Retrieve the sequencer enode

> Get the enode URI from `op-geth`. This will be used to connect the new `op-reth` node to the sequencer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get the node URL from `op-geth`. This will be used to connect the new `op-reth` node to the sequencer.
```

Author: `enode` is correct. It's meant to be the enode address.
